A few initial observations, based on qualitatively looking at the data:
* "his" is used 119 times, whereas "her" is only used 16 times, suggesting not only that more books are written by men, but that the descriptions and the reviews of these books refer to their authors more often. In fact, the words "george", "man", and "algorithmic" are used as often as "her". "James" is used more often.
* "book" is the most common word that I did not remove (I removed mostly prepositions and non-gendered pronouns), which makes sense since this is a publishing endeavor
* The topics of the books tend to focus on mathematics, the digital world, and data science, as opposed to traditional engineering topics (like civil or chemical engineering). This makes sense - these are the cool new fields that Princeton is publishing in, and many of their books that do cover fields like civil engineering also include the use of modelling or computational techniques in that field.
* There is a fairly strong presence of social and humanities fields, which suggests an interdiscplinary understanding of technology - "history" (93), "social" (129), "politics" (31), "ethical" (33), "economic" (34).
* Some text are concerned about the impact of the public sphere, with "government" (21), "society" (52),"global" (38), "development" (38), and "political" (53) making an appearance. However, there is also a discussion of corporations, with "google" clocking in at 36 mentions, Amazon 3, and Microsoft 4.
* Princeton remains dominant, but other Ivy League are present: Harvard (15), Yale (3), Columbia (4), and Cornell (9). Because of the way the data is processed (word by word, rather than by group of words) it's hard to state the presence of other schools (for example, "University of Michigan" would be broken up into "university" "of" "Michigan", and Michigan is a state that could be mentioned in another context)
